Fix run polling command (#21430)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_7_65.md

#### Scripts
##### RunPollingCommand

> - Fixed an issue where ***RunPollingCommand*** script fails at runtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***RunPollingCommand*** script failed at runtime. 
```

> - Fixed an issue where ***RunPollingCommand*** script fails at runtime. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in ***RunPollingCommand*** where it passed malformed arguments, causing **GenericPolling** playbook to fail. 
```
